= Numbered Backups =

This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1537

== Description ==

Holds numbered backups inside a separate directory.

Automatically purges old backups. Standard is to hold the last 10 versions.

Tested with Linux, MS-Windows and OpenVMS.

; '''IMPORTANT:'''
:   Creating this plugin was only possible because vim 7 offers new file management functions - namely :mkdir, finddir() delete() and the new List datatype. This plugin won'g work with vim 6.x.

== Installation ==

Install from https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup using dein (https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim) or similar:

    call dein#begin('$HOME/vimfiles/bundles')
    call dein#add('krischik/vim-backup')
    call dein#end()
    call dein#install()

set the following global variables:

; '''g:backup_directory'''
:   name of backup directory local to edited file used for non VMS only. Since non VMS operating-systems don't know about version we would get ugly directory listings. So all backups are moved into a hidden directory.

; '''g:backup_purge'''
:   count of backups to hold - purge older once. On VMS PURGE is used to delete older version 0 switched the feature off.

== References ==

{|
|+ Numbered Backups
|-
| Vim-Script	|| https://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1537
|-
| Source	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup
|-
| Wiki		|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup/wiki
|-
| Releases	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup/releases
|-
| Issues	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup/issues
|-
| Discussions	|| https://github.com/krischik/vim-backup/discussions
|}

==Comments==

/* vim: set textwidth=0 wrap tabstop=8 shiftwidth=4 softtabstop=4 noexpandtab : */
/* vim: set filetype=mediawiki fileencoding=utf8 fileformat=unix foldmethod=marker : */
/* vim: set nospell spelllang=en_gb : */
